1. grafana dashboards havo no data. need ui test to see they always work
2. services that interact with any infra, like kafka, postgres, clickhouse, redis, filesystems ect must have integration testing for each of the interactions it has! this is very important to ensure we are not breaking stuff
3. we need to ensure we have really good e2e test coverage. I want to focus on 3 domains - data algos and ui. We should have comprehensize e2es to see that data ingestion behaves as expected. We should already have pretty good coverage. For algos, we need to test common cases for each algo and also have really strong unit testing for all edge cases. We should also have good UI tests for the sorting and filtering ect. We should have tests for the UI that log in for the client we insert data/generate alerts for by creating a viewer user for it
4. regarding algo e2e test coverage - I see that we have the algos module we run as a service that is up and consuming kafka messages and it has test coverage. However I do not see any unit test coverage and no e2e test coverage for batch algo runs as batch jobs that are triggered manually or by the scheduler service. We need to also have coverage for that flow.
5. I want to ensure that our client configurations make sense. We should have to configure a client as batch or realtime. Batch clients have algos run once a day by the scheduler, on data in a time range defined by their client configuration. Batch client must have that configured. We don't send events for batch clients to the realtime algos service. For that, we need to store the configurations for clients in the normalizer and listen to configuration updates. We need to be able to enable and disable algos for a client via the configuration, and also allow us to override that when doing batch runs manually by explicitly providing the algos to run as command line args
6. do we have a way to scale the app up? for example, do we support multiple of the same service running at the same time? I think this is something we should be able to do. We are creating docker images for each service, so maybe we can orchestrate the system with terraform and kubernetes to be able to have many of the same pod to scale up the system to support a lot of data.
7. we need to have autoscaling for kafka as well. Having more pods than partitions they read from makes no sense